---
title: "🧠 2 Day Machine Learning Workshop at Synapse"
collection: talks
type: "Workshop"
permalink: /talks/day-1-machine-learning-workshop-synapse
venue: "Synapse"
date: 2023-08-25
location: "Synapse, Mumbai, India"
---

Day 1 of the ML Workshop at Synapse was a resounding success, with approximately 120 enthusiastic students actively participating. The day commenced with a comprehensive session on Basic Python, setting a strong foundation for aspiring data scientists. Participants enthusiastically embraced Python, recognizing its importance in the field.

The focus then shifted to Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), where students gained hands-on experience dissecting and deciphering data patterns. From histograms to scatter plots, they explored various analytical techniques, demonstrating their commitment to understanding data intricacies. A quick reality check came in the form of an EDA quiz, which the students aced, showcasing their grasp of the concepts covered.

The latter half of the day saw the excitement soar as students embarked on a Basic Regression ML Project. This hands-on project allowed them to apply their newfound knowledge to a real-world scenario, fostering an atmosphere filled with curiosity and determination to derive meaningful insights from data.

As Day 1 concluded, the enthusiasm and eagerness to learn set a promising tone for the remainder of the workshop. Participants eagerly anticipated Day 2, where they would delve deeper into NLP (Natural Language Processing) and CV (Computer Vision), eagerly awaiting the opportunity to apply their skills in project settings. Stay tuned for more updates and insights from this exhilarating journey!